Use nickdnk/graph-sdk (#34)
m-vo/contao-facebook-import: README.md

#### PHP 8 ####
Unfortunately, there is no official release of [facebook/graph-sdk](https://packagist.org/packages/facebook/graph-sdk) with support for PHP 8.

> At your own risk, you can require the unoffical fork [nickdnk/graph-sdk](https://packagist.org/packages/nickdnk/graph-sdk) as replacement to your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can, however, require the third-party fork [nickdnk/graph-sdk](https://packagist.org/packages/nickdnk/graph-sdk) in your application, which added support for PHP 8 and acts as a drop-in-replacement. You might want to do this *before* installing this bundle, so that the installation won't fail.
```

@rabauss I think we can just add this note and should be good to go.
